story recapped here today i'm going to
explain a horror
mystery and thriller film called pet
cemetery spoilers ahead
watch out and take care on the way to
their new home louis creed
his wife rachel their children ellie
and gage and their cat named church
arrive in the small town of ludlow maine
from boston they have moved to a remote
woodland home
leaving their big city lifestyle behind
the family happily settles in as they
explore the features of their new home
having been a doctor in boston louis
finds a similar job in the small town
and now works at the local hospital
at home rachel and ellie are unboxing
their stuff when they hear marching
sounds coming from outside
out of curiosity they follow the sounds
into the woods where they see a
procession of children in masks
they quickly discover that the children
are holding a funeral for a dog and
they're taking it to the pet cemetery
feeling uncomfortable about this rachel
decides to return to the house and watch
a show instead
moments later while rachel is busy
fixing things around the house
ellie runs outside without permission
and walks into the woods to find the
group of kids
she eventually arrives at the pet
cemetery where she sees several crosses
on the ground
she also sees a big pile of wood and
attempts to climb it thinking that
something may be behind it
as she climbs a man named judd calls her
attention
his voice startles her and she falls
from the pile judd helps ellie with her
wound as he explains that the place has
been used to bury pets for generations
and the children use masks in the
procession as a part of a ritual he also
tells her that among the wooden crosses
he has buried one of his former pets as
he explains more about the place
rachel finds ellie and gets mad at her
for wandering into the woods
after they are introduced rachel thanks
judd for helping ellie out and they
return home
just as the mother and daughter walk
away judd hears whispers from the pile
of woods
ordering him to come back but he
completely ignores it
that night as louis and rachel tuck
ellie to bed she expresses concerns
about how long church will live but her
parents reassure her that their cat will
be around for a long time
she also asks why some people die at a
young age bringing up zelda
rachel's sister who was just a teenager
when she died the mention of her sister
saddens rachel and she recalls a
haunting memory of her tending to zelda
while she looks at her pictures
after bedtime the couple gets into a
small argument about the conversation
they had with ellie earlier
rachel insists that he should not talk
to ellie about death from such a blunt
point of view
a man named victor is brought to the
emergency room at the hospital after
being hit by a truck while skating
the nurses see it as an unhopeful case
as his organs are now visible
and he is losing a significant amount of
blood louis tries his best to save him
but victor holds on to him while letting
out his final breath
after several attempts to revive him
louis stops and logs his death
he is then shaken to find victor sitting
down on the bed saying that the barrier
is not meant to be broken
he snaps out of the vision when a nurse
enters the room but he remains bothered
by the experience
on the way home he couldn't get over the
vision of victor's ghost talking to him
as he reaffirms his disbelief in the
afterlife he almost gets into an
accident
the following day ellie comes over to
judd's house to bring him cookies but he
isn't at home
she enters the house and observes the
pictures around the house she then finds
a revolver in one of his drawers
eventually judd arrives home and ellie
asks about the woman in the pictures
he tells her that it's his late wife
norma who passed away after being sick
to lighten judd's mood she invites him
over to dinner at their house
the old man is thankful for the
invitation and strikes a good friendship
with the family and their cat
as they talk about the range of the
property the family learns that they now
own the pet cemetery
judd looks concerned but they do not go
deeper into the topic
that night louie gets out of bed after
hearing whispering noises coming from
inside their room
he hears victor's voice and follows it
into the foggy pet cemetery where he
gets a vivid side of victor's ghost
talking to him
he ends up in the pile of woods and a
hand pulls him from inside
suddenly gage wakes him up before he's
pulled into the dirt at first
louis thinks that he must have been
dreaming but when he looks down he finds
his feet kicked in mud
making him think that his dream was more
than just a nightmare while ellie and
her friends play by the house on
halloween louis compliments their
costumes
from a distance he sees judd with a
worried expression feeling concerned
louis approaches his neighbor judd
reveals that he found church's lifeless
body after being hit by a truck
louie lifts the cat raising concerns
about how devastated ellie will be
the little girl playfully calls her dad
but he tells her to wait by the house
still trying to shield her from church's
gruesome death eventually
judd convinces him to bury the cat deep
in the pet cemetery reassuring him that
he will take care of everything
later that day louis informs rachel
about their beloved cat
she tears up feeling that this is such a
sensitive topic she is still traumatized
from her sister's death
who suffered spinal meningitis and still
gets flashbacks of the past
unable to hold her thoughts any longer
she shares about zelda who used to hate
her for being perfectly healthy
rachel was always the one in charge of
bringing food to her room
however one night their parents left
them alone in the house so she used the
dumbwaiter instead of just bringing the
food upstairs
a rule her parents strictly imposed
knowing about the rule
the young rachel did it anyway which
instantly made her regret it
as she pressed the button up she heard
thumping noises and opened the dumb
waiter to see the food all messed up
in a matter of seconds zelda falls
causing her death
since then rachel blames herself for
everything even claiming that zelda is
still calling for her as night falls
chad and louie go to the pet cemetery to
bury church they soon find an empty spot
but judd recalls how much ellie loves
the cat so he decides to bring louis
beyond the cemetery by climbing over the
pile of woods
along the way they see weird symbols
carved on the trees and hear wailing
noises
judd explains that it is not a big deal
as they arrive at the perfect spot
judd instructs louis to bury church but
the old man's demeanor has slightly
changed
the following morning louis and rachel
prepare to tell their daughter the
church has run away
ellie disagrees and claims that she saw
her pet by her window last night
this takes luia back knowing well enough
that he buried the cat so he checks
around and sees muddy paw prints inside
the room
ellie points in her closet saying that
church is right there so louis opens it
only to see their cat hissing at him
heavily confused by this louis confronts
chad about the cat's resurrection
and the old man reveals that the burial
grounds beyond the cemetery can bring
pets back from the dead
judd tells him calmly that what they did
was all for ellie for days
louie has trouble grasping that idea and
spends most of his time researching the
topic
hoping that there is a scientific
explanation for it meanwhile ellie
groom's church
whose fur is still covered in dried mud
however the cat acts aggressively toward
her and scratches her
something which never happened before
the cat then enters rachel and louie's
room unknowingly and scares them while
they're having an intimate moment
the couple is shocked to find church at
the end of their bed tearing a bird
apart and eating it alive
louis brings it out of the room but the
cat acts more aggressively toward him
while he is in the basement trying to
get a hold of it once again rachel
cleans up their bed and hears faint
noises from the bathroom she opens the
medicine cabinet and sees a hollow space
that resembles their dumb waiter from
her childhood
not long after she sees zelda falling
from above just like how she last saw
her
the distressed rachel runs to her
husband saying that she wants to move
somewhere else
but he reassures her that everything
will be okay lou looks at ellie's
drawings in the living room
comes across a disturbing drawing and
then asks her about it
to his surprise ellie tells him that
gage was the one who drew it so he
confronts his son in his room
unexpectedly louis sees church sitting
on gage in his crib causing a little boy
to cry
having had enough of the cat's unusual
behavior louis goes over to judd's place
to know the entirety of the mysterious
things that have been circling the cat
judd reveals to louis that the place is
believed to be inhabited by a strong
spirit known to the people as the
wendigo
he apologizes thinking that the cat
would return the same as compared to his
dog
biff who also came back to life after
burying it in the same place
however in jud's case the dog came back
completely changed
according to him his parents got rid of
the aggressive dog by putting it down
twice
now coming up with a solution louis
attempts to euthanize church but is
unsuccessful after the cat looks at him
fearfully
instead he sets it free in the wild and
completely abandons the cat
during ellie's birthday she remains
underwhelmed by all the festivities
because she misses church
louis tries to uplift her with a new
teddy as a gift finally making her smile
while playing a parlor game with the
guest ellie spots church in the middle
of the road
she runs toward her beloved pet with her
brother following her behind
unbeknownst to them a truck is speeding
down the road louis sees gage making his
way to the road
so he rushes to save him just in time
however the commotion causes the truck
driver to swerve off road to avoid
hitting the child
unfortunately the tank breaks loose from
the truck hitting ellie and killing her
instantly
realizing what happened rachel and louis
run to their daughter and find her
lifeless beside the road
both of them break into tears as louis
embraces his daughter while rachel could
not even gather the courage to look at
her
at ellie's funeral a devastating impact
hits her family affecting her parents
marriage and their life in general
sinking into deep depression rachel
decides to spend days at her parents
house
bring engage with her that night louie
and judd spend the night by a campfire
where the old man tells him not to give
in to the idea of burying ellie's body
beyond the pet cemetery
louis drugs judd before heading to the
cemetery to exhume his daughter's corpse
despite the ghost of victor warning him
not to go to the deadfall he disregards
it and continues to walk deeper into the
woods
meanwhile rachel experiences scary
visions of her own and her childhood
home and finds gage frighten after
calling out victor's name
the little kid cries out of fear after
seeing the ghostly figure of his
father's former patient as he nears his
destination
louis encounters the infamous wendigo
and hears wailing noises
determined to bring his daughter back to
life he ignores the sounds and reburies
her on the sacred soil
on that very night louis is awoken by
sounds from downstairs where he finds
church back at the house
he checks outside sees nothing but as he
heads back inside
muddy footprints are visible from the
doorway louis follows it down to the
basement
reuniting with ellie who's covered in
dirt overcome with grief he embraces his
little girl and helps her clean up
unlike the sweet girl she once was ellie
displays cold behavior and manifests a
disturbing demeanor
as he tucks her to bed ellie asks louie
if he could sleep beside her
he agrees to it but his daughter keeps
saying sinister things he wakes up the
next day to an empty bed and finds ellie
dancing in the living room before
throwing things around the house
when louis stops her she lashes out at
him instead
meanwhile rachel starts worrying about
louie as he is unresponsive to her calls
so she asks judd a favor to check on him
at home while she is still stuck in
traffic
after hearing from her john hurriedly
goes over to the creed's home but louis
sends him away as if he is hiding
something
sensing that something is amiss judd
reminds him that it is not too late to
undo it
after going home judd spots ellie from
her bedroom window and gets frightened
at the sight of her
he immediately locks all his doors and
gets ready to defend himself he suddenly
hears mysterious noises and goes
upstairs
only to find church who managed to enter
his house unnoticed
suddenly ellie appears from behind and
stabs judd with a scalpel she stole from
her father
she wears a mask and taunts him she then
mocks him by taking norma's form and
blaming everything on him
before jud could reach for his revolver
ellie viciously stabs him to death
back in their house louie rachel and
gage reunite
after seeing the wounds on her husband
she asks what is going on to which he
replies
i needed more time with her he then
reveals that he bid time to properly say
goodbye to ellie while the little girl
simultaneously walks over to them
gage happily calls out his sister while
rachel looks horrified as her supposed
dead daughter hugs her
rachel pushes her away which gives ellie
the impression that she doesn't want her
there
she gives her mother a sinister look
while she carries gage upstairs
after louis explains everything to her
rachel remains unconvinced
he then goes down to find out that ellie
has fled alone in the room
rachel gets haunted by zelda's ghost she
starts hallucinating and sees herself in
her sister's position
in zelda's bed she finds herself with a
disease that made her feet and body
disfigured
out of nowhere the dumbwaiter reveals a
set of hands before zelda comes out of
it to lay beside her
suddenly rachel wakes up to find out
that it is just a nightmare
she examines the room and sees gage
calmly standing by his crib when
suddenly
ellie comes from beside the bed and
stabs her while this happens
louis finds judd's blood-drenched body
beside church and hardly runs back home
after realizing that ellie is
responsible for it
the ghostly child chases her mother and
her brother who manages to hide in a
separate room ellie forces herself in
when louis arrives with rachel
desperately asking for help from the
window she lets louie catch gage before
ellie fatally stabs her
it's too late for her husband to rescue
her as he arrives in the room
rachel begs him with her dying breath
not to bury her in the same place but
ellie knocks him unconscious
contrary to her wishes ellie drags her
mother's body to the pet cemetery
at the place ellie tries to kill louis
but he fights her with all his will and
manages to knock her to the ground after
a brawl
as he is about to decapitate his
daughter the resurrected rachel impales
him
and the mother-daughter duo drags his
body to the burial grounds to suffer the
same fate as them
along with church the three set fire to
judd's house they turn their attention
to gage who's in the car
despite their zombified state gage is
unshaken by their looks and is excited
to reunite with his family
just as the car doors are unlocked
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching